[McKenna] Previously
on Light As A Feather...
I know that this is
really stupid timing,
but I really need
to tell you this.
‐You don't feel it.
‐No.
[McKenna] I told them
about the journal I found
when I slept over,
and they think we could
find something useful in it.
I think this book's
been around for a while,
'cause the handwriting
keeps changing.
‐We need to talk
about Marc Regan.
‐Why do I know that name?
Marc and Henry used to compete
against each other in tennis.
Then one day, out of the blue,
he just jumps off a bridge.
So Violet has a shrine
to this Marc guy,
and he killed himself.
That's freakin' weird.
Marc didn't kill himself.
He was pushed.
‐You played the game.
‐Light as a Feather.
And then they all die.
‐[McKenna] What is that?
‐[Alex] It looks like a cocoon.
Is there something in it?
It's a time bomb.
[McKenna] You were supposed
to threaten her,
‐not kill her.
‐[screaming]
She deserved it.
[wheezing breaths]
[somber song playing]
♪ Met a boy at the sea ♪
♪ Eee‐eee‐eee‐eee‐eee‐eee ♪
Wow, it's like none of you guys
have seen someone
make a sandwich before.
Does anybody want half of this?
I'm probably not gonna
finish all of this,
and, Alex, you look
like you could use a sandwich.
Okay, no, that's enough.
Can you please stop screwing
with us for one second?
[Violet]
Sorry! I was hungry,
since I figure I'm not exactly
allowed to leave.
You haven't given us
much of a choice.
We just watched you die,
or at least
you should have died.
We're just trying to find
a solution here.
Oh, wow, a solution.
That's a really good idea.
Why didn't I think of that?
At least I'm trying.
You're wasting
your time, McKenna.
She's stalling.
Yeah, she's just waiting
for both of us to die
so she can win.
Win?
I may survive,
but in no freakin' universe
will I win.
How can you be so sure
there's not a way out?
Because I've been living
with this
a hell of a lot longer
than you have.
Hey, handsome...
Hey back.
I was just thinking
about you.
[Violet] Really?
What were you thinking about?
[Marc]
Just that it's Friday,
and I was thinking maybe
we can go back to your room
and watch a movie or...
[whispering] you know, maybe
do what we did last weekend.
Nice try,
but I have play practice.
I did come to tell you
that we're
getting together tonight
for Gabby's going‐away party.
What kind of party?
We're just getting together
with friends,
listening to music,
playing some games.
Games, seriously?
Yes, I knew you'd say that,
so I got you...
[Marc] Cool.
So what are we gonna be playing?
[Gabby]
There's a misconception
that people falling
from great heights
die of shock
before they hit the ground.
But Marc Regan
was aware of each
agonizing second that day
as he plummeted,
and then... splat!
Blunt‐force trauma,
skull smashed,
liver, spleen,
and heart ripped open,
spewing blood
into Marc's body cavity.
The fall was pure terror.
The death itself?
Messy.
But mercifully quick.
Light as a feather,
stiff as a board.
[body thuds]
Damn it, Lena!
What are you doing here?
What? I want to play.
Is that beer?
Yeah, and you're 14. Out!
Asshole.
Blunt‐force trauma?
Where'd you get that?
No idea. It just came to me.
‐What'd you think, V?
‐You know I hate the thought
of anything bad happening to you
or your spleen.
[Gabby] Ugh! Okay, enough!
Who's next?
Guess that's me.
Great.
Let's begin.
[theme music playing]
So, what, do you want us to feel
bad for you or something?
No. I'm asking for you
to understand.
Marc was the first person
I loved.
And the only one really.
[Alex]
McKenna's right.
I'm sorry you got sucked
into this,
but how does that justify
you doing the same thing to us?
Is this about that prank
on Halloween?
You know that
that was a mistake, right?
Part of it,
but I knew your type.
Same bitches,
different school.
[McKenna] Our type?
We were nice to you.
Mm, ...ish.
I mean, let's be honest,
the only reason
you invited me that night
was because
you felt guilty, right?
See? Exactly.
None of you are
as nice as you pretend to be.
Even you, McKenna.
Because if you were,
you would know
that Halloween is definitely
not the first time we met.
[CRMNL]
♪ We gonna take the crown ♪
♪ Hold it down ♪
Hey. Um, excuse me.
Sorry, we just got here
and we were wondering
what the score was.
[Violet] Yeah. Marc Regan
won the first set,
and he's up 4‐3 in the second.
Well, that's okay.
Big bro's gonna rally.
Kick his prep school ass,
Henry!
[McKenna] Oh, my God!
[Alex]
Go, Richmond! Ow!
Oh, there's Jennie and Alex.
Sorry, just
a little friendly trash talk.
We're kind of Henry's
personal cheerleading squad.
It's okay. I'm kind of
a personal cheerleader myself.
Marc's my boyfriend.
Oh, really?
Yeah, two years this week.
So are you and Henry... ?
Together? No.
I mean, I wish, but...
Just pretend I didn't say that.
I promise
I won't tell anyone.
I'm Violet, by the way.
Oh, I'm McKenna.
Yo, Mack, over here!
Oh, that's my sister.
I have to go.
‐Nice to meet you.
‐Yeah, you, too.
♪ We gonna take the crown ♪
♪ Hold it down ♪
♪ 'Cause we run the night ♪
♪ We run the night ♪
♪ So run for your life ♪
♪ 'Cause we're gonna
take the crown ♪
You kicked Richmond's butt.
Not bad, right?
That guy's getting recruited
by some pretty good colleges.
♪ Forget what they say
What they say ♪
Hey, hold on.
What?
Well, since we've been
together for two years now,
I thought that
we would do something special
to commemorate it.
Right here on the bridge?
Hey, I'm down.
‐Hey, you're a pig.
‐[laughs]
Yeah, I guess that means
we're officially... official.
You know it.
Here.
[clicks]
[cell phone chimes]
Allergic reaction?
C'mon, she's screwing with us.
It's from that stupid game
the other night, remember?
Yeah, but...
[McKenna]
Oh, my God. That's...
Familiar?
[Alex] Why are you wasting
our time with this?
We all know how it ends.
Boyfriend loses his shit
and swan dives off a bridge.
Don't you talk
about him like that!
You have no idea
what he did for me!
Whatever it was
couldn't have been that great.
I mean, look
at the thing on your back.
‐Okay, I'm done with this shit!
‐[McKenna] Wait, Henry, don't!
Tell us how
to stop this curse now,
or I swear I'll burn
this damn thing!
What, you think I'm bluffing?
I want answers,
and I want them now!
No! No!
‐How do we stop this?
‐No!
Henry, we need that! Stop!
Henry, drop it, please.
‐No!
[Alex]
Hey!
Oh, shit.
Great. What do we do now?
She could be anywhere.
I can't believe
we let her get away.
We?
Are you kidding me?
What?
What were you thinking?
Why would you flip out
on her like that?
Look, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
It's just she‐‐
she killed my sister,
and I couldn't take
listening to her bullshit
for one more second
and risk someone else
getting hurt,
especially...
especially somebody
I care about more than...
I'm sorry.
[panting]
[Marc]
Hey, that is weird.
[Violet] Yeah.
Like on the inside of the bagel
was crawling
with these little weird bugs.
It was so gross.
Yeah, I'm sorry, V, that sucks.
That's not the only weird thing
that's happened, Marc.
‐[siren approaching]
‐I mean, I know it sounds crazy,
but ever
since we played that...
[Marc] What's going on?
[Violet] I don't know.
[siren getting closer]
Who?
Sam Allagash.
You know him?
‐Oh, my God.
‐[ambulance arrives,
siren stops]
A car crash?
Marc, that's
like what she said.
I know.
Once would be
a coincidence, but twice?
I don't know.
Where's Gabby?
She went back to Santa Barbara
last weekend.
That's where we're going.
[Henry] If we just knew
how she was supposed to die,
we'd have something on her.
We could get her to talk.
Yeah.
We have to find her first,
and then we have...
What?
Lena said she watched them
play Light as a Feather.
Violet even said that, too.
Right.
Well, if she
watched them play the game...
Then Lena heard
how Violet's supposed to die.
‐Okay, let's go.
‐Wait, wait, wait.
You go. The‐‐ the Regans
don't want to see me again.
Are you sure?
Yeah, go. I can't.
Besides, I need to find Violet.
Just call me
when you find Lena, okay?
Henry?
Thank you.
[engine starts]
What are you guys doing here?
[crying] Two people, Gabby,
just like how you predicted.
And don't try and tell us
it's some kind of coincidence.
I don't know. I'm sorry.
It's just a game.
What happened in that game?
What did you do?
Are we going to die?
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Are we going to die?!
Okay, look, you have to tell us
what's happening!
Trust me. You wouldn't
believe me even if did.
So you do know.
Just go
before I call the cops, okay?!
Go!
What do we do now?!
[Alex]
You're wasting your time.
There's got to be
a reason why Violet came
all this way to get it.
‐[sighs]
‐Where's Henry?
He went to the Regans'.
Did you save
anything from the journal?
[Trey]
No,
but check this out.
That's gotta be
why Violet came up here.
What do you think it goes to?
We could ask her,
if we had any idea
where she went.
Actually, I think I know
where she is.
[birds singing]
[knock on door]
What the hell?
[knocking]
What‐‐ What's that smell?
Is that gasoline?
Marc, what's going on?
I went back to Gabby's.
No one was home, so I snuck in,
and I found this.
Page after page
of death predictions,
ours included.
What?!
See how the handwriting changes?
Hey look, the game,
it gets passed on
from one person to the next
like a curse.
Five people play,
but only one survives
to play again.
You're kidding.
You, me, and Gabby are
the only ones left, right?
Marc, right?
Look at me!
According to that,
someone in a previous game
said that Gabby
had to die in a fire.
My God.
The gasoline.
Marc, what did you do?
Where's Gabby?
I did what I had to do.
You killed her?
No!
Marc, have you lost your mind?!
I'm sorry, but I didn't
have another choice!
Gabby, she did this to us,
and if one of us
is gonna survive,
then it's gonna be you.
[Violet] No.
No.
No, no, we... we can fix this.
There has
to be an explanation.
No, there's no time left.
Yeah, I saw a security camera
when I left.
The cops could be
here any second.
Marc.
My life is over.
It just makes the next step
that much easier.
What are you talking about?
What next step?
You heard the prediction.
I need to fall, and it's
something I can't do by myself.
I think that's part
of the curse.
You can't know that!
How would you know that?
How?!
[Marc]
Because I already tried jumping.
[Violet] Oh, Jesus.
Violet, please.
It's the only way.
What are you saying?
You're gonna have to push me.
[creaking noise]
[Henry] Lena?
I need you
to tell me something.
Are you okay?
Henry Richmond.
Yeah, yeah, hey.
So, listen...
that night
at the Kenney School,
when your brother played
Light as a Feather,
you were there, right?
You heard
Violet's death prediction.
Lena, please, this‐‐
This is really important.
I need to know
how Violet Simmons dies.
Do you know?
Okay. Can you tell me?
Lena, please.
What if I promise
I won't tell anyone?
[whispering] Violet Simmons
is supposed to die...
[inaudible]
Thank you so much.
You‐you‐‐
That's great, thank you.
I really appreciate it.
[gate opens]
[crows cawing]
[footsteps]
[gasps]
[somber song playing]
‐[female singer]
♪ Kisses for water ♪
‐Marc?
Marc, we still have time.
We can fix it.
If we don't do this now,
you could die before I do.
So?!
Why does it have to be you?
What am I supposed
to do without you?
Because we don't have a choice.
Violet, you have given me
the happiest two years
of my life.
It's just how it has to end.
You have to be the one
to survive.
[crying] Marc.
I love you.
♪ Love is more ♪
♪ Than just a losing game ♪
♪ 'Cause if loving you ♪
♪ Takes my life ♪
♪ I have no regret ♪
[words inaudible]
Did you find your lock?
I didn't think
you were listening.
What do we do now?
That depends.
I don't trust you.
And I sure as hell
don't forgive you.
But you would want
to kill me right now
if you knew how.
I'm willing
to give it another shot.
No.
You are a monster, Violet,
and I will hate you forever
for what you've done.
But if there is one thing
that you, me, and Alex
have in common,
it's that none of us
want to die.
You were normal
before all of this,
and you know what it feels like
to be where we are,
so this is
what we're gonna do.
Mack?
We're gonna help each other.
What do you say?
["Devil's Playground"
by The Rigs playing]
♪ Come if you're
curious to see ♪
♪ Pull the tricks
out of my sleeve ♪
♪ All you find
is yours to keep ♪
♪ Brave
Are you brave enough to meet ♪
♪ The desires that you seek? ♪
♪ Hold my hand,
I'll set you free ♪
♪ Welcome
to the devil's playground ♪
♪ You can tread
where demons play ♪
♪ It's your Candyland
where dreamers dance ♪
♪ And I promise
that it's safe ♪
♪ Welcome to
the devil's playground ♪
♪ You can look
and you can touch ♪
♪ It's a real fine day
at the black parade ♪
♪ And I swear
it won't cost much ♪